with the country getting back on its
feet people are helping their wildlife
again
Jenny dog tree leaves the Siamese
crocodile project run by fauna and flora
international and the Cambodian
government she's gonna show me white
crocs are still in trouble so this is a
this is a crocodile farm this is a farm
yeah I mean normally I had no idea that
people farmed crocodiles doesn't like
any farm I've been to oh my god there's
hundreds of them you're gonna see more
cross in the next 10 minutes and the
power in the wild and you're gonna blow
do how many are still in the wild
it'sit's hard say minute at the most 250
adults and perhaps a lot for you on that
can't be right
this is what it's all about a couple of
skins being prepared Siamese Crocs one
of their downfall is that they have
among crocodiles one of the softest
skins yeah they don't have too much bone
in their skin so they're very highly
prized for the the leather industry yeah
most Crocs here will end up as designer
handbags belts and shoes some of these
animals can be worth more than 1,000
pounds which is more than most
Cambodians could dream of earning in
maybe five years or six years this farm
is legal but with a price on their heads
there's temptation to porch cross street
from the wild so why can't we just
release some of these in the world well
unfortunately we don't know for sure
which of these animals these beauties
around here as Slammys crocodiles and if
some of these could well be hybrids
they're so prehistoric looking like
today's dinosaurs it's awful to see them
living like this
do you think people don't care about
Crocs because they look you know impress
impatiens right then it's true and it's
it's sad really I mean it's almost like
a sort of prejudice against these
animals because they haven't got fair
yeah actually not cuddly they're not
company now and a lot more endangered
than most most of the sort of well known
and famous endangered species in
Cambodia there's over 1,000 crocodile
farms no one knows how many crocodiles
held there were stolen from the wild
because no one can tell if they're
purebred they have no future outside the
forums